README.md, before:

# Unofficial Pop!_OS Firefox Color Themes

These are unofficial [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/) themes based on the style of [Pop!\_OS](https://system76.com/pop). The themes are made with [Firefox Color](https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKliFvJPGr2Q8DUsyzFgfxYJ1CQgbhkrTVC4Zi3QEma_oSXeESUVgiAv-gx1vFCdU8EaI8xTOqvAY8WIhbzwLofEsRJAXtd9wqh8JsYHq6m-ZvzdWm40gnmVUXcERRgnMQf7NwjnfHuSmNCt-rUz7oikwfmTq8nUesC-aKuzVKlhUnMrfE8eK3YFgEch_xtPTrP-0RsAA).


## List of themes

### Pop! (Default, a.k.a. "darker")

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

Features: dark brown title bar with light tabs and toolbar. A style conventionally known as "darker". Highlights are teal.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKliFvJPGr2Q8DUsyzFgfxYJ1CQgbhkrTVC4Zi3QEma_oSXeESUVgiAv-gx1vFCdU8EaI8xTOqvAY8WIhbzwLofEsRJAXtd9wqh8JsYHq6m-ZvzdWm40gnmVUXcERRgnMQf7NwjnfHuSmNCt-rUz7oikwfmTq8nUesC-aKuzVKlhUnMrfE8eK3YFgEch_xtPTrP-0RsAA```

### Pop! Light

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

Features: light title bar, tabs and toolbar. Has teal highlights.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKliFvJPGr2Q8DUsyzFgfxYJ1CQgbhkrTVC4Zi3QEma_oSXeESUVghqI53i8tc0iHdfdiiTXB6kpnqXE4hgjGghz93XVSrpEI5PUqDapQcSgIxeNKC4fJbeHFNXcPOuFvdumIrCfDQblGFgl5IbZberiLn7_sUlSOgL6Wzpa7xpxbGa8sVIXnGB-zA-NLxg1GfpPKE6bf_YFRAA```

### Pop! Warm

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

Features: brownish or warm gray title bar, tabs and toolbar. Highlights are orange.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhnPE9rzzwRgocX6jlWKWaKc06I2j9Rf7EP9k8315vnifA2sXU5ueCIq6H4JHCMLuEOm9ZFdMEzOtgooRxaPZp5tR7eKU1-1220o2tWOlEyUP1ESEF3mAeReDKwKEfAFHvAdvxBPExRRiLHQvRaAoAANJ_4uA479c0ClCMb1UDI3o6aK8sD-V6tWGZn1prhEZ_zq5fHjlrak1TSH__rQnAA```

### Pop! Dark

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

A theme with a dark title bar, tabs and toolbar.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

With orange highlights:

```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhZJHfv8ynOLL05Bb6lobcyXaJa6PpVsU3Ccld88BYb-IPM7JFfdhny4O-55e1XYxmnDy2L1RXMw9OpyGaHPOdMHzw2WjlXm3eFfPqGSyO8QBirJwqHuCleSQG2kOPUkawznR2XU8zK87pRVXhAy8Iz7M0bAAxYFct36grfrCNBVSWQidw_KNbL_5VbdOi7FNC6PUydxLuh_9ZtgAA```

With teal highlights:

```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhZJHfv8ynOLL05Bb6lobcyXaJa6PpVsU3Ccld88BYb-IPM7JFfdhny4O-55e1XYxmnDy2L1RXMw9OpyGaHPOdMHzw2WjlXm3eFfPqGSyO8QBirJwqHuCleSQG2kOPUkawznR2XU8zK87pRVXhAy8Iz7M0bAAxYFct36grfrCNBVSWQidw_KNbL_5VbdOi7FNC6PUydxLuh_9ZtgAA```

### Pop! Black

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

A near black (warm dark gray) theme. With teal highlights.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhTF0Gdmgrt-MSYP_BJi3ulTyQ6uQYTHE_6in1K3OD19jOeiv8TY46k32saAt_vHDAOpyP97jAn9u73mz6OG_qFpKY4btZy9BUtS4itO6B6sjmE_rdam5Xduv4iGKh_UOA9vuCKtJeHgtz44UK4TNHG_wpeVzZfD5JzQyhxrPXaQqX7t_kwNj096sulF_6t97ZJ4RbKlPoTLYA```

## License

__Feel free to adapt and share!__

__License__: [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

__Author__: Ruben Sibon (Webricolage)

__Date__: January 8, 2019

## Thanks

Thanks to the beautiful [Pop!_OS GTK Theme \(GitHub\)](https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme).

And thanks to Mozilla for making Firefox and cool, little experiments like [Firefox Color](https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/color).

Commit message:

Add URL's to Firefox Addons pages

README.md, after:

# Unofficial Pop!_OS Firefox Color Themes

These are unofficial [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/) themes based on the style of [Pop!\_OS](https://system76.com/pop). The themes are made with [Firefox Color](https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKliFvJPGr2Q8DUsyzFgfxYJ1CQgbhkrTVC4Zi3QEma_oSXeESUVgiAv-gx1vFCdU8EaI8xTOqvAY8WIhbzwLofEsRJAXtd9wqh8JsYHq6m-ZvzdWm40gnmVUXcERRgnMQf7NwjnfHuSmNCt-rUz7oikwfmTq8nUesC-aKuzVKlhUnMrfE8eK3YFgEch_xtPTrP-0RsAA).


## List of themes

### Pop! (Default, a.k.a. "darker")

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

Features: dark brown title bar with light tabs and toolbar. A style conventionally known as "darker". Highlights are teal.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

__Firefox Color URL:__ ```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKliFvJPGr2Q8DUsyzFgfxYJ1CQgbhkrTVC4Zi3QEma_oSXeESUVgiAv-gx1vFCdU8EaI8xTOqvAY8WIhbzwLofEsRJAXtd9wqh8JsYHq6m-ZvzdWm40gnmVUXcERRgnMQf7NwjnfHuSmNCt-rUz7oikwfmTq8nUesC-aKuzVKlhUnMrfE8eK3YFgEch_xtPTrP-0RsAA```

__Install as Firefox Theme:__ https://addons.mozilla.org/nl/firefox/addon/pop-darker/

### Pop! Light

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

Features: light title bar, tabs and toolbar. Has teal highlights.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

__Firefox Color URL:__ ```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKliFvJPGr2Q8DUsyzFgfxYJ1CQgbhkrTVC4Zi3QEma_oSXeESUVghqI53i8tc0iHdfdiiTXB6kpnqXE4hgjGghz93XVSrpEI5PUqDapQcSgIxeNKC4fJbeHFNXcPOuFvdumIrCfDQblGFgl5IbZberiLn7_sUlSOgL6Wzpa7xpxbGa8sVIXnGB-zA-NLxg1GfpPKE6bf_YFRAA```

__Install as Firefox Theme:__ https://addons.mozilla.org/nl/firefox/addon/pop-light/

### Pop! Warm

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

Features: brownish or warm gray title bar, tabs and toolbar. Highlights are orange.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

__Firefox Color URL:__ ```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhnPE9rzzwRgocX6jlWKWaKc06I2j9Rf7EP9k8315vnifA2sXU5ueCIq6H4JHCMLuEOm9ZFdMEzOtgooRxaPZp5tR7eKU1-1220o2tWOlEyUP1ESEF3mAeReDKwKEfAFHvAdvxBPExRRiLHQvRaAoAANJ_4uA479c0ClCMb1UDI3o6aK8sD-V6tWGZn1prhEZ_zq5fHjlrak1TSH__rQnAA```

__Install as Firefox Theme:__ https://addons.mozilla.org/nl/firefox/addon/pop-warm

### Pop! Dark

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

A theme with a dark title bar, tabs and toolbar.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

With orange highlights:

__Firefox Color URL:__ ```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhZJHfv8ynOLL05Bb6lobcyXaJa6PpVsU3Ccld88BYb-IPM7JFfdhny4O-55e1XYxmnDy2L1RXMw9OpyGaHPOdMHzw2WjlXm3eFfPqGSyO8QBirJwqHuCleSQG2kOPUkawznR2XU8zK87pRVXhAy8Iz7M0bAAxYFct36grfrCNBVSWQidw_KNbL_5VbdOi7FNC6PUydxLuh_9ZtgAA```

__Install as Firefox Theme:__ https://addons.mozilla.org/nl/firefox/addon/pop-dark-orange

With teal highlights:

Firefox Color URL:```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhZJHfv8ynOLL05Bb6lobcyXaJa6PpVsU3Ccld88BYb-IPM7JFfdhny4O-55e1XYxmnDy2L1RXMw9OpyGaHPOdMHzw2WjlXm3eFfPqGSyO8QBirJwqHuCleSQG2kOPUkawznR2XU8zK87pRVXhAy8Iz7M0bAAxYFct36grfrCNBVSWQidw_KNbL_5VbdOi7FNC6PUydxLuh_9ZtgAA```

__Install as Firefox Theme:__ https://addons.mozilla.org/nl/firefox/addon/pop-dark-teal

### Pop! Black

Unofficial theme based on the style of Pop!\_OS.

A near black (warm dark gray) theme. With teal highlights.

Based on Pop!_OS GTK Theme: https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme

__Firefox Color URL:__ ```https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAAL9AAAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCia2CaaEGccwS-xNKlhTF0Gdmgrt-MSYP_BJi3ulTyQ6uQYTHE_6in1K3OD19jOeiv8TY46k32saAt_vHDAOpyP97jAn9u73mz6OG_qFpKY4btZy9BUtS4itO6B6sjmE_rdam5Xduv4iGKh_UOA9vuCKtJeHgtz44UK4TNHG_wpeVzZfD5JzQyhxrPXaQqX7t_kwNj096sulF_6t97ZJ4RbKlPoTLYA```

__Install as Firefox Theme:__ https://addons.mozilla.org/nl/firefox/addon/pop-black

## License

__Feel free to adapt and share!__

__License__: [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

__Author__: Ruben Sibon (Webricolage)

__Date__: January 8, 2019

## Thanks

Thanks to the beautiful [Pop!_OS GTK Theme \(GitHub\)](https://github.com/pop-os/gtk-theme).

And thanks to Mozilla for making Firefox and cool, little experiments like [Firefox Color](https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/color).
